	For this project, we wanted to make it easier for Harvard students to navigate around 
dorms in the Harvard-Radcliffe Quadrangle rather than have to search for random maps 
around Harvard.  In particular, when students have to go to another floor of a dorm, it 
should be easier to find where to go within the building once inside.  To address this 
problem, we used Google Maps and floor plans of the different halls in the Quad to make 
maps fast and easy to access and make finding different floors a fast process.  

	To use the map, one begins by accessing the CS50 IDE terminal and downloading our 
project folder (final_dorm). Then, change the current directory to the final_dorm folder
and execute pip install --user -r requirements.txt to install the dependencies. 

    To be able to access the Google Map, one must have an API key, which is provided by 
Google to allow people to embed Google Maps into apps of any sort.  Without this key, 
no further steps will work as there will be no way to access a map, so it is imperative 
that you input this key.  Then one can put in the flask run line of code, which allows 
us to use the framework we’ve set up to run this application.  Without flask, there would
be no web server, as it has this functionality built in and will include all the features
we want because it encapsulates all our code.  In case one forgets, this is provided in 
the WebServer.txt file to make it easy for users to copy and paste the necessary commands 
into the command terminal.

	This may be confusing as it does not immediately enter a webpage.  However, this is 
to be expected, as this only provides the necessary environment to access the website. 
To actually access the website, one can click on the tab labelled CS50 IDE in the top left 
corner of the site and click on a tab called Web Server to actually launch the web server.  
This should open a pop-up next to the screen one is currently looking at, which one should 
promptly switch over to, taking care not to exit out of the CS50 IDE one is currently on as 
this is running the website.

	On the new website, there should be a fully loaded map displaying the Harvard-Radcliffe 
Quadrangle.  However, there should be nothing else on it, as in no pictures of maps.  This 
may be confusing as the website is meant to be used to see floor plans, but we’ve enabled 
it to be like this so you, the user, may click on any floor to view it when necessary without
assuming you are on the ground floor.  To find the floor of interest, one can click on the 
“Floor” drop down menu in the top left corner and select the floor one wishes to view floor 
plans for by simply clicking on it.  There is no need to press a submit button of any kind, 
clicking on the floor one wants should be enough to change the screen.  It may take a second 
or two for the floor plan images to show up, since the images had to be very high resolution 
so that the room numbers could be legible, but you should know it has worked if after a few 
seconds you see floor plans on top of what once was the outline of buildings.

	To actually find your way around, it is now as easy as finding the hall one is in 
and looking at its floor plan.  To access the hall of interest to you, you can simply 
click and drag the map to move around and use the plus and minus buttons in the bottom 
right corner or scroll up and down to zoom in and out. The floor plans should scale 
accordingly, and when you’ve found the zoom and hall that you like, you can then begin 
moving around, still using the drag, to find the place you want to go to and where you 
are now.  The room numbers and types of rooms should be visible even at higher zoom, 
so all you have to do is find the right direction to go in and you should be on your way!

    If you wish to change the floor you’re viewing because you’ve gone up or down the 
stairs, do not use the plus and minus buttons in the bottom right corner.  Instead, 
use the “Floor” drop down menu that you used before to choose the floor you initially 
wanted, which is located in the top left corner, to select a new floor. The website 
will remove the previous floor’s overlays and load new overlays, which may take bit 
longer, but should give you the floor plans you want accordingly.